The rapid expansion of SAR data availability and advancements in InSAR processing methods has enabled the
formation of ground displacement time series for many parts of the world where such research was previously
hindered by decorrelation due to sparse temporal sampling and SAR operating frequency. In particular, free and
open data access from the European Sentinel-1 constellation and the future NASA-ISRO SAR (NISAR) mission is
encouraging the global community to move towards automated, cloud-based processing that can accommodate
these rapidly growing data volumes and facilitate the use of a suite of corrections to the data. A key challenge is
related to path delays introduced when the radar signal propagates through the troposphere. Tropospheric
corrections estimated from empirical, phase-based methods and those using independent data from weather
models, GPS, and radiometers have been included in open-source packages such as TRAIN, PyAPS and GACOS.
Users within the InSAR community have reported varying degrees of success using these methods in a range of
areas around the world. However, the various statistical metrics used to evaluate the reliability of tropospheric
corrections are not consistently applied and often depend on the area and the spatial scale over which they are
evaluated. Examination of a simple metric such as the overall reduction in phase variability within an inter-
ferogram does not allow the user to determine whether the improvement was at large or short length scales. We
present a review of existing tropospheric correction methods and statistical performance metrics, providing
guidelines for global assessment and veri cation of the e cacy of tropospheric correction methods. We sum-
marize the assumptions and limitations for each correction method as well as each statistical performance
metric. We examine two regions with di erent atmospheric characteristics - one Sentinel-1 swath covering the
central United States and one swath covering south central Mexico, including part of the Paci c coast. As the
SAR community moves towards reliance on global and automated InSAR processing platforms that incorporate
tropospheric corrections, approaches such as those examined here can aid researchers in their e orts to evaluate
such corrections and include their uncertainties in derived products such as surface displacement time series,
coseismic o sets, processes that correlate with topography, and signals with smaller magnitude or larger spatial
scales such as those associated with small earthquakes, aseismic creep and slow slip events. We found that the
GACOS products (leveraging the operational high resolution ECMWF weather model) outperform the other
correction methods explored here on average, but this result is highly dependent on location, acquisition time,
and data availability. We found spatial structure functions to be most useful for performance assessment because
of their ability to convey information about performance at discrete spatial scales.
